hey have you ever ran Google ads
campaigns in the past and they just
didn't work out
hey guys Silvio Perez from ad conversion
and in today's video we're gonna talk
about the three common reasons that I
have personally experienced time and
time again when working with new clients
that have struggled in the past with
Google Ads
these are the three most common things
that I just keep saying again and again
that have led them to saying that they
did not have success with Google
advertising it's my goal with this video
that if you're someone that's currently
struggling with your Google advertising
campaign and you haven't found that
success that you're looking for that
hopefully after watching this video you
can reassess your campaigns based on the
three common reasons that I'm going to
outline and then hopefully find that
clarity that you've been missing and if
you're someone that hasn't launched your
Google advertising campaigns yet that
you can use this video precaution airily
that way you can avoid these three
common mistakes so without further ado
let's get into reason number one the
first reason and most common mistake
that I have found people that say Google
ads just doesn't work for me is poor
expectations they a lot of the times not
even a lot of times all the times really
people will come to me clients will come
to me potential clients that they've
struggled in the past with Google ads
and they want to be successful moving
forward and they'll come to me and
they'll say hey I want to get more leads
I want to get more customers I want to
get more revenue I want to get more it's
just always more which is great but it's
never a specific number in mind
something very tangible that you can
build a plan around it's always just
vague and in the air of just you know
more conversions at a less cost for
example and I've noticed that that's not
a good way to go because if you don't
have a solid plan in mind you're not
going to be able to set the proper
expectations to achieve that outcome a
lot of the times we think our Google
advertising isn't working but when in
fact especially with these clients that
I found is they think it's not working
but it really is given their existing
targeting and their existing budget it's
just they just don't have the proper
expectations yet because they haven't
done the work to plan and to research
and to ultimately do the math required
to understand if they
to achieve this specific outcome what is
the targeting that I need right for that
plan that we're gonna put in place and
then what is the amount of money that I
need to put into this campaign
realistically to achieve that outcome
successful advertising not just Google
advertising advertising in general
across channels comes down to math and
if you want to be successful with
advertising you have to do the math and
ultimately that's going to set the
proper expectations for you so that when
you approach a new campaign or a new
service that you want to promote or
whatever it might be you can go about it
in a much more calculated way where you
can set the proper expectations before
you even launch or before you even
decide to start creating your campaigns
and you know from an economic standpoint
that this makes sense for you in order
to really illustrate the point of
successful advertising coming down to
crunching the numbers and doing the math
let's pretend you are a DJ service
provider so you're in the business of
helping people have an awesome time at
their parties playing music and the
crowd pumped and just good vibes all
around now let's say you decided you
wanted to advertise on Google and you
wanted to get 10 you parties per month
so in order to crunch the numbers and
and do the math we have to get some
information first we need to know our
estimated average cost-per-click we need
to know our target marketing conversion
rate which just basically means of all
the people that clicked on your Google
Ad and came to your website or landing
page what percentage of them actually
turn into a lead and then last but not
least you need to know your sales
closing rate so of all the leads you got
what percentage of them are you actually
turning into a client or in this example
a party so let's say you want to get
those 10 you parties you want to grow
the business and you found out according
to the keyword planner that your
estimated average cost-per-click is
going to be $6 and your target marketing
conversion rate is 10% and your sales
closing rate is 10% so of all the clicks
you get 10% turn into a
lead and then of those 10% of the leads
you get 10% is gonna turn into a party
so now that we know that the next thing
we need to find out is what is our cost
per lead so for every 10 clicks we get
at $6 per click we're gonna convert one
of them into a lead because of our 10%
marketing conversion rate which means
our cost per lead is going to be $60
because 10 clicks at $6 a click is 60
divided by 1 which is the amount of
leads we got is $60 so our $60 cost per
lead so we know it's gonna cost to $60
based on these numbers to get the phone
to ring of people reaching out to us
interested in hiring us to do a party
for them next now that we know that is
what is our cost per acquisition so in
this case what is our cost per party so
for every 10 leads we get at $60 per
lead we're gonna convert one into a
party because of our 10% sales closing
rate which means our cost per
acquisition is going to be $600 so that
means it's gonna be $600 per party so
now we know it's gonna cost us based on
these numbers 600 dollars to get one
party that's not one lead that's one
party meaning one party where they have
paid you so now the next thing we have
to ask ourself is how much do we need to
spend in order to reach our goal of 10
parties per month so we just plug in the
formula our monthly budget is gonna be
$600 which is our cost per party times
10 because that's our monthly party goal
which means our monthly budget is going
to be $6,000 and if you want to get the
daily budget you're just going to take
that $6,000 monthly budget divided by 30
point 4 and then you have your daily
budget of 197 dollars and 37 cents and
by the way if you want to learn more
about how to calculate your daily ad
budget and you want to learn more about
this process
I created a full video on this called
how to calculate your daily ad budget
that I'll link in the description box
down below that you can go check out and
I show you different ways you can
calculate your daily Google Ads budget
but I just wanted to illustrate this
point in this video of the importance of
doing
math and knowing your numbers because at
this point if you know it's 600 costs
per 600 cost per party based on these
numbers and obviously you can improve
these numbers if it's 600 dollars your
cost per party then at that point it's
just it's just a formula you know if you
put in 600 dollars you're gonna get one
party so then depending on the amount of
parties you want you multiply it by that
number and it's as simple as that
so you really want to make sure that you
approach your advertising in a
scientific manner and you really have
enough budget in place that can actually
realistically help you reach your goal
and ultimately what this is gonna do is
gonna set proper expectations for you
the second most common reason and
mistake that I've found is not having
the proper conversion tracking in place
to be able to tie your Google Ads
performance to the bottom line to be
honest with you it's almost insane to me
how often this happens and and how like
commonplace this is it's crazy how many
accounts I take over and then not having
conversion tracking is the norm I know
it can be technical and it's
overwhelming but it has to get done if
you don't have conversion tracking in
place and you have no way of being able
to tie your marketing performance to the
bottom line of the business growth
honestly you might as well not even do
anything and that's my honest opinion
because you're essentially flying blind
and just throwing thing out throwing
things at the wall and not really
understanding how you're going to scale
that effort or really have any control
over it
you can have the best media buyer in the
world I'm talking the Yoda of Google Ads
managing your account but if you do not
have conversion tracking in place
they're not going to be able to do much
for you from a conversion standpoint
they can optimize to make your ads
better from a click-through rate
standpoint but really you're going to
believing like all your potential
opportunity on the table without having
conversion tracking again I get it it
can be technical it can be overwhelming
especially when you know you didn't go
to school for this this isn't something
that they teach you out of university or
high school how to set up conversion
tracking but there are a lot of
resources out there that you can utilize
to learn how to do conversion tracking
if this is something that you want to do
yourself maybe you don't have the
bandwidth to hire someone to do it for
you you can go on YouTube and you can
look at a lot of great tutorials made by
a lot of awesome other youtubers that
teach you how to set up Google Ads
conversion tracking so you can get that
information that you need to be able to
tie your performance to your business
objectives and then the second thing as
well as if you do have the bandwidth and
you do have the cash flow you could
always go to something like upwork.com
and hire a freelancer to do it for you
for a very affordable price to just set
up all your conversion tracking as well
you just tell them what you need and
then they'll be able to work with you to
make sure that everything is working
properly finally the third reason and
most common mistake that I've noticed
that leads people to say Google Ads just
doesn't work for me is lack of
management otherwise known as the
set-and-forget it's an active process if
you've never heard this before it
doesn't work straight out of the gate
nine times out of ten you got to make
things better with your Google Ads
campaigns it's a continuous process just
because you went through the work of
creating your campaigns and setting your
keywords and creating your ads or
whatever it might be that's great and
that's awesome but you want to make sure
that you're constantly reviewing your
performance so that you can improve it
over time there's a lot of work to be
done in these accounts to make sure that
they are producing the outcome that you
want for example you want to make sure
you're reviewing search terms you want
to make sure you're writing you add a
copy you want to make sure and see how
are you performing on a device level on
a demographic level on a geographic
level there's a lot of information as
your account continues to run and you
accumulate that data because you set up
that proper conversion tracking you can
actually see what segments of targeting
are performing best for you so now
moving forward you understand how your
ads are performing on a conversion basis
and all the other different targeting
options you have in your account so that
you can improve it moving forward the
reality is most people they'll create
the campaign they'll throw it out there
they don't have the proper expectations
they don't
have the conversion tracking and then
they turn around and they say off this
thing doesn't work and the reality is
you need to have the proper expectations
do the math find out what is the outcome
you want from this and the budget
required to reach that the second thing
is you want to have that proper
conversion tracking in place so you can
tie the loop and finally the last point
is you want to make sure you're
continually improving and optimizing
your account so that it is moving
forward in the direction to reach the
outcome that you set when you decided to
run this campaign in the first place
that is it for this video I hope you got
tremendous value from this video if you
did and you want to be notified of
future Google advertising content that i
release feel free to subscribe to the
channel and hit that Bell notification
icon so you are notified and also feel
free to like the video if you got some
value from this as well that'll help me
get the video ranked higher and the
search algorithm and that'll help me out
a ton as well and also if you want to
get exclusive tips and tricks and get
the inside look on what's going on with
me and just to stay connected feel free
to hop on my mailing list and the
description box is down below I hope you
have a wonderful day and until next time
take care